Remove remaining active learning and old editors (#40832)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/core/structuring_content/including_vector_graphics_in_html/index.md

Reviewer: Somewhere on this page, would write "SVG is easy to hand code" as "SVG is easy to hand-code"

- `iframe`s do have a fallback mechanism, as you can see, but browsers only display the fallback if they lack support for `iframe`s altogether.
- Moreover, unless the SVG and your current webpage have the same {{glossary('origin')}}, you cannot use JavaScript on your main webpage to manipulate the SVG.

## Playing with SVG

In this exercise we'd like you to have a go at playing with some SVG. Press the **Play** button to open the next example in the MDN Playground and edit it there.

> You can also go to the [SVG Element Reference](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Reference/Element), find out more details about other toys you can use in SVG, and try those out too. This section is all about practising your research skills, and having some fun.

Reviewer: This is good, but maybe give some hints about things to try

```suggestion
Go to the [SVG Element Reference](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Reference/Element) to see what other elements you can use that bring a lot of built-in functionality.
There are other shapes you can try, like ellipses, or you can experiment with [patterns](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Reference/Element/pattern), or even [filter effects](/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Reference/Element/filter).
This section is all about your research skills, trying something new, and having some fun.
```
